# Modeling Results with LIWC

## Data
For this analysis, I used `data/interim/liwc_controls.csv` file. This is a merged dataset of two separate files, `LIWC-22 Results - cleaned - LIWC Analysis.csv` and `data/interim/controls.csv`. 

- The first file, LIWC Analysis.csv is a result output generated by LIWC GUI. 
Each speech (identified by the country code and year) has its unique scores across 80 LIWC dictionaries. 
- I also used a battery of relevant covariates at a country-year level. These two files were merged with unique identifiers ccode_iso and year. 

See [`liwc_modeling.R`](https://github.com/Jihyeonbae/UNGDC/blob/main/notebooks/exploratory/liwc_modeling.R) for the full R script. 

## Hypotheses

1. Authoritarian states invoke the term sovereignty as a justification to controversial agendas. Observable implication of this is that authoritarian states will show high score of insecurity when invoking the sovereignty principle. 

	H1: Among the speeches that mention the word "sovereignty," the higher the "v2x_polyarchy" score is for the speaker country, the higher its insecurity sentiment scores are. A list of insecurity sentiments that are operationzalized in LIWC are emo_neg, emo_anx, emo_anger, emo_sad, conflict, lack, fulfill, fatigue, risk, power.
	
	H2: Authoritarian states should show higher level of insecurity scores when they are the agent of the main predicate that relates to sovereignty. (this is for the semantic label analysis)
	
	
2. Authoritarian states invoke the term sovereignty more frequently than democracies when there is an external shock of democratization efforts. Speciic temporal interventions are - Hong Kong democratization protest, Arab Spring in 2011. 

	H3: Following Difference-in-Difference estimation, I expect an increased use of the term "sovereignty" by authoritarian states after democratization shocks. 
	
	- This is actuall quite counter-intuitive because sovereignty can be framed as the society's right to choose its own sovereign leader. If this hypothesis is affirmed, then it shows that authoritarian states impose a different meaning on the soveriegnty principle. 
	 
	
	

 

